.TH xsp 1 "15 November 2003"
.SH NAME 
XSP \- Mono ASP.NET Web Server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mono xsp.exe
[options]
.PP
or
.PP
.B mono mod-mono-server.exe
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
XSP and mod-mono-server are both hosts for ASP.NET-based applications.
.PP
If run as `xsp', the process provides a minimalistic web server web
server which hosts the ASP.NET runtime and can be used to test and
debug web applications that use the System.Web facilities in Mono.
This server is most convenient for testing and running small sites,
does not offer everything a production web server offers. 
.PP
`mod-mono-server' is an ASP.NET runtime host that can communicate with
another web server (at the time of this writing Apache 1.3 and Apache
2.0 were supported).   This mechanism is better used for high-traffic
servers or production systems, since it can integrate with the main
HTTP server and leverage all of the optimizations and extensions of an
existing server, while providing the ASP.NET runtime.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I \-\-port PORT
Changes the default port where the XSP server will listen to
requests.  By default XSP listens on port 8080.
.TP
.I \-\-address addr
Sets the IP address to listen on. By default it's 0.0.0.0.
.TP
.I \-\-root PATH
The root directory for XSP.  The default is the directory where XSP is
executed. The current directory will be changed to this one before creating
any application.
.TP
.I \-\-applications APPS
A semicolon separated list of virtual directory and real directory for all the
applications we want to manage with this server. The virtual and real dirs. are
separated by a colon. The default value is '/:.'.
.TP
Some examples:
.TP
.B '/:.'
The virtual / is mapped to the current directory.
.TP
.B '/blog:../myblog'
The virtual /blog is mapped to ../myblog
.TP
.B '/:.,/blog:../myblog'
Two applications like the above ones are handled.
.TP
.I \-\-nonstop
This applies only to xsp.exe: by default xsp will stop processing
requests when the return key is pressed.  Use this to avoid this
behavior. 
.SH AUTHORS
The Mono XSP server was written by Gonzalo Paniagua Javier
(gonzalo@ximian.com).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mono (1),
System.Web, System.Web.Hosting namespace.
.PP
http://www.asp.net is Microsoft's official site for ASP.NET
.SH MORE INFORMATION
The Mono project (http://www.go-mono.com) is a collaborative effort
led by Ximian (http://www.ximian.com) to implement an open source
version of the .NET Framework.

